chore(website): tweaks to highlights blog post (#22512)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/blog/highlights-february-2025.md

  [release highlight]({{< ref "/highlights/2024-11-07-exclusive_route" >}}).
* Apple Silicon builds are now available in our [downloads page]({{< ref "/download" >}}).
  Note that these are available since `v0.44.0` and won't show up for older versions.

> * A new type of enrichment_table, called memory, was introduced! This table can also act can also
>   act as a sink, which enables several new use cases. We recommend reading this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new type of `enrichment_table`, called `memory`, was introduced! This table can also function as a sink and addresses several new use cases. See this
```
